at the wildest party in the world the
richest most glamorous people on earth
it's all about looking good are about to
discover that at this affair is fashion
art fashion is art off the street but
it's art anything can happen I'm a
sports reporter guys I don't think about
fashion even murder
it makes my flesh cool now two reporters
are going undercover and everyone's a
suspect
hence his name the dead guy it could be
the merry widows he never knew it could
be the daring designer
how many G's are there in bugger off
excuse me it might be the famous
photographer how have you managed to
stay on top of everything probably the
same way you have kitty just hard work
and believing in yourself right
taking advantage of other people's
insecurities or it just might be an
exuberant comedy I don't think he likes
girls we can act like a bore wonderful
well what can I say
sexy hilarious
get ready for Julia Roberts Tim Robbins
Kim Basinger Sophia Loren Forest
Whitaker Danny Aiello Steven Rae Sally
Kellerman Tracey Ullman Lyle Lovett
Linda hunt Teri Garr and marchello must
be on it in an all-star cast it's an
outrageous whodunit this is fruitcake
time ready to wear